Fix/b list prev focus (#1469)
V4Fire/Client: CHANGELOG.md

_Note: Gaps between patch versions are faulty, broken or test releases._

> ## v4.0.0-beta.147 (2024-10-25)

Reviewer: Версию лучше не указывать, так как у нас много ПРов в v4 и неизвестно когда доедет этот фикс

Author: доедет сейчас)

#### :bug: Bug Fix

> * Fixed the bug with previous active element not loosing its focus state `components/base/b-list`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed the bug with previous active element not loosing its focus state `bList`
```
